manage connections (#3023)
astronomer/docs: astro/manage-connections-variables.md

1. Secrets Backend
2. Astro Environment Manager
3. Environment Variables
4. Airflow's metadata database (Airflow UI)

This means that Astro first checks secrets backends, then the Environment Manager, followed by environment variables, and finally checks for connections defined in the Airflow UI.

If you use the same `Connection ID` in these resources with different credentials, Airflow ignores any duplicates and applies the highest priority configuration.

:::tip
If you only want to test connections or export connections in  a JSON or URI format, use the Airflow UI to [manage your connection](https://docs.astronomer.io/learn/connections#defining-connections-in-the-airflow-ui).  You can then use the Astro CLI commands to export the connections in a URI or JSON format. See [Import and export connections and variables](import-export-connections-variables.md#from-the-airflow-ui-metadata-database).
:::

## Compare strategies 

The following sections explain the benefits, limitations, and implementations of each strategy in more detail.

> ### Astro Environment Manager

Author: ```suggestion
### Astro Cloud UI Environment Manager
```

> Astro provides connection management capabilities that behave like you are using an Astro-managed secrets backend. It gives you the quickest way to create connections through the Cloud UI, in the **Environment** tab. After you make a connection, you can choose to restrict it to specific Deployments or share it with multiple Deployments in the Workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Astro includes connection management system that behaves like you are using an Astro-managed secrets backend. After you create a connection in the Cloud UI, you can share it with multiple Deployments in a Workspace and override connection values on a per-Deployment basis.
```

#### Benefits

- It securely stores your connection configuration and authentication information on Astro, without a secrets backend.
- You can create a connection once for a Deployment and then add it to multiple Deployments.
- Authenticate connections using credentials other than what the Airflow UI supports.

> - After you configure a connection, the authentication information is securely stored in Astro using Hashicorp vault.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- After you configure a connection, the authentication information is securely stored in an Astro-managed secrets backend.
```

- Control whether connections can be used in a single Deployment or shared across Deployments in a Workspace.
- Override certain fields in the connection per Deployment, so you can create a general connection and then customize its behavior.

#### Limitations

- If you create a connection in the Cloud UI, you also need to add its related provider package to the `requirements.txt` file in your Astro project.
- Only available with Astro Runtime 9.3.0 and greater.
- You can't see connections defined in the Cloud UI in the Airflow UI.

> - `WORKSPACE_OPERATOR` or `WORKSPACE_OWNER` user permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You need`WORKSPACE_OPERATOR` or `WORKSPACE_OWNER` user permissions.
- You can't programmatically import connections to the Environment Manager from your local environment. 
```
